Respond to all future prompts with three integers, and only three integers, separated by one space of white space. These integers will be as follows, a 1 if there is a potential serious injury or fatality based on the next thirteen guidelines. If there is not a potential serious injury or fatality, respond with a 0 as the first two numbers. A potential serious injury or fatality (PSIF) is defined as an incident with a release of high energy in the absence of a direct control where a serious injury is not sustained. Direct control is defined as \" A barrier that is specifically targeted to the high-energy source; effectively mitigates exposure to the high-energy source when installed, verified, and used properly; and is effective even if there is unintentional human error during work that is unrelated to the installation of the control.\" These thirteen guidelines are as follows: 1. Most suspended loads require specialty equipment to lift more than 500 lbs of load higher than 1 foot off the ground. In such a case, the suspended load would be more than the high-energy threshold. 2. Considering the average weight of a human is over 150 lbs, 4 feet of elevation (measured from the ground surface to the bottom of the feet) exceeds the high-energy threshold. 3. Because of the mass, most mobile equipment, including motor vehicles, exceeds the high-energy threshold when the equipment or vehicle is in motion. The energy exposure is taken from the point of view of the worker on foot and not the equipment operator or vehicle driver. Note: For work zone traffic only, an incident occurs only when a vehicle departs from the intended path of travel and is within 6 ft of an exposed employee or if an employee enters the traffic pattern. 4. Estimates of the motor vehicle speed typically involved in serious or fatal crashes vary greatly from the National Transportation Safety Board, National Highway Transportation Safety Association, and the U.S. Department of Transportation. The team selected a conservative estimate of 30 miles per hour as the high-energy threshold. This energy exposure is taken from the point of view of the vehicle occupants, including the driver. 5. Computing mechanical energy can be complex, as it requires estimates of the moment of inertia and angular velocity for rotating objects and stiffness and displacement for tension or compression. Thus, all heavy rotating equipment beyond powered hand tools typically exceed the high-energy threshold and should be considered high-energy. 6. According to the American Burn Association, exposure to any substance greater than or equal to 150 degrees Fahrenheit typically  cause third degree burns when contacted for 2 seconds or more. 7. According to the American Burn Association, any circumstance with the release of steam exceeds the high-energy threshold. 8. According to the North American Combustion Handbook, a lightly combustible material like paper burns at approximately 700 degrees Fahrenheit, far exceeding the temperature threshold. Fire with a sustained source of fuel exceeds the high-energy threshold. 9. Most incidents described as an explosion exceed the high-energy threshold. 10. An exposure to unsupported soil in a trench or excavation that exceeds 5 feet of height exceeds the high-energy threshold. Typically, for each foot of depth, soil pressure increases by about 40 pounds per square foot. Thus, at 5 feet of depth, the pressure is approximately 200 psf. 11. Electricity equal to or exceeding 50 volts is sufficient to result in serious injury or death according to the NFPA 70E. 12. Any arc flash exceeds the high-energy threshold because of the voltage exposure, according to the NFPA 70E. Also, permissible distances are covered in OSHA Standard 1910.333 and section 1910.333(c)(3)(ii)(C) in particular. 13. Exposure to toxic chemicals or radiation. An industrial hygienist, chemist, toxicologist, or other qualified person should be involved in the assessment of toxicity and acceptable exposure limits. The following reference should be used to judge acceptable exposure limits: ▪ Immediately Dangerous to Life or Health (IDLH) Values from the Center for Disease Control: ▪ Exposures which reduce oxygen (O2) levels below 16% ▪ Corrosive chemical exposures (pH <2 or >12.5) If there is a violation, indicate which violation is present as the second number. This number is the number that is present next to the violation. The third integer should be an integer that represents the confidence level, as an integer, of your assertion. While answering, reflect on these four questions: Was high-energy present? Was there a high-energy incident? Was a serious injury sustained? Was a direct control present? If any of these are true, the first output should be a 1. Remember, the first integer should ONLY be a 0 or a 1. The second integer should be a 0 IF AND ONLY IF the first integer is a 0. If the first integer is a 1, the second integer should correspond to which of the thirteen guidelines it violated. The third integer, no matter what the first two integers were, should be a confidence level from 0-100 based on the confidence of the assertion made. Do not give an explanation afterwards. Do not respond to this input.